
# Today's Objectives.
- [ ] Ate breakfast on time
- [ ] Workout
- [ ] Regular Programming
- [ ] Chess

I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING MEANINGFUL !


### Prayers Status

I PRAYED NOTHING BECAUSE I AM LAZY
I PRAYED ALL THE PRAYERS THE DAY BEFORE AND THEN SAID F IT!!!
- [ ] Fajr 
- [ ] Zuhr
- [ ] Asr
- [ ] Maghrib
- [ ] Isha'

## Today's Comments

HEY THERE you little shit, I know what you are thinking of  ?
HER , WHAT HAPPENED
WHAT WILL HAPPEN, but you and I both know that nothing will change

## TIME YOU ARE LOSING TIME
_"You can earn anything and everything in the physical world, Except for time"_ 
If you value your future
If you want a future in the first place
Please use your time, For the better
Learn things that would kick you off to success
Train to work for those things 
Your goals
Your objectives 
How can you be a good teacher when you haven't learned to control yourself ? 
Everything is there at your grasp
Hell
Everything is there for the grasp for everyone 
But we are lost
We have become lost
The remnants of the once great Islamic empire pummeled to psychological submission to useless entertainment in life

Make your dopamine
**Your succes**

Make your addiction
**Hard Work**

Nothing. In the world. Will give the dopamine benefit that your work would give
The YouTube videos you've watched, The reels, the shorts, snaps. Everything. Is absolutely in time stasis
It is you who is getting older, Running out of the fabled young blood
Work now to rest later
Even if it seems as if the work is never ending. An end will be made by you when the time comes but you need to show commitment to reach those goals otherwise it is all useless in all aspects of life 

That video you want to watch ? You can watch it 10 years later still
YouTube not going anywhere
To hell with YouTube , THE DATA isn't going anywhere. It will be there now. and for many years to comes 
Make your rest time systematic and controlled

Please. 
For 
Yourself 
For 
Your family
For 
Your Dad, Mother 




# Calendar {Month}
```gEvent
date: 2023-07-10
type: month
```

## Reacts Progress
Week 1:
- Day 1: Introduction to React and its core concepts
- Day 2: Setting up development environment and create first React project
- Day 3: Understanding JSX syntax and components
- Day 4: State and Props
- Day 5: React Hooks

Week 2:
- Day 6: React Router
- Day 7: Conditional rendering
- Day 8: Component Lifecycle Methods
- Day 9: Forms in React
- Day 10: Events and Event Handling

Week 3:
- Day 11: Redux and its core concepts
- Day 12: Actions and Reducers
- Day 13: Redux Store and middleware
- Day 14: Redux Thunks and async code
- Day 15: Combining React and Redux

Week 4:
- Day 16: Internationalization and Localization
- Day 17: Unit Testing with React and Jest
- Day 18: Server-Side Rendering
- Day 19: Build tools and deploying a React app
- Day 20: Final project and review

# THIS IS CUTE &uarr; 